Now, I hope those demos deploying these constructs on different
environments showed you that the CDK is quite straightforward to
use, and it's a project that is worthwhile following. Some final
tips before we close this course, we can actually go to the CDK Release page,
and you can see here that there are already several
releases that the CDK team have published.
In fact, the course uses version 1.58. There is already version 1.63 out.
And if you look at the release dates,
sometimes the release cycles are as short as just a few days.
So we needed to specify version 1.58 because we didn't know, or I didn't
know, what breaking changes may come up if we released a newer version, so I
couldn't just keep upgrading as the course went on.
You can actually see the new features, and most importantly,
the breaking changes on this particular page.
I've had several projects already where I had to rewrite the
code to meet the breaking changes, or to fix these breaking
changes, that the CDK lists down.
So the CDK is still very much an ongoing project,
and I suggest both checking this page, as well as the
Issues page for updates on the project.
I even suggest reporting some issues if you have any. The CDK
team monitors these issues religiously.
I have posted some issues myself. So if there is a feature that you want
supported on the CDK or if there is a bug that you identify, don't hesitate to report it here.